here's a quick Gaza update for you there
is a ceasefire deal on the table but
there's a whole load of uncertainty
around it first of all we don't actually
know who came up with it the US says the
proposal came from Israel but Israel's
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu hasn't
agreed to it yet there are three stages
to this deal leading to a permanent end
of the war and the Reconstruction of
Gaza tap and hold your screen if you
want to read all the details so who's
saying what about the deal the US has
said that Israel is ready to go ahead
with the deal and that Hamas is the only
thing standing in the way Hamas has
neither accepted nor rejected the deal
but says it views the offer positively
and a senior official told the BBC that
Hamas would go for the deal if Israel
does meanwhile in Israel relatives of
the hostages still being held in Gaza
are putting pressure on Netanyahu to
accept the deal but there's a lot of
politics at play two far-right members
of Israel's cabinet have threatened to
pull their parties out of the ruling
Coalition if Netanyahu goes for the deal
so for Benjamin Netanyahu it's basically
a question of political survival